# CSCI3308_FinalProject_ShelfLife_Deliverables
   ShelfLife is a website designed for a restraurant to track all its data in one place. Our website has five main features. Our inventory feature allows the user to view their stocked and low inventory items. This page displays the each ingredient's name, the unit it is measured in, and the amount in stock. The order forms feature allows the user to reorder inventory. This page displays current inventory and give the user an option to reorder specific ingredints. The sales feature allows the user to view the restraunt's past sales. The user can view the sales for the current day, week, month or year. The send order feature allows the user to ring in a guests food order. When a dish is ordered, the inventory and sales information are updated. Lastly, the account feature allows the user to change their password or add a menu item. If a new ingredient is needed for an added menu item, it is added to the inventory page with a quantity of 0. The menu item is added to the send order page. ShelfLife allows for easy management and analysis of a restraunt's data all in one place. 
   
   The structure of the respitory is the ShelfLife_Deliverables folder which holds the code to create the database and the Shelf_Life folder containing the projects code. In the Shelf_Life folder, is a resources and views folder. The resources folder holds the css folder which stores the code for the styling of the html files. The resouces folder also hold the js folder which containes our node.js files, index.js and queries.js. The views folder holds each of out html and pug pages. 
   
   In order to run the program, first download the files. Using the shelflifeDBv6.txt file, create the database by copying and pasting the code into a new postgres template. In the index.js and queries.js file, change the dbconfig database, username and password to your database name, username and password. 

